### Menu

menu.title.bg: Raised
menu.title.bg.color: #c1bfbc
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #e0dddc
menu.title.bg.border.color: #c1bfbc
menu.title.text.color: #101010
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.items.bg: gradient horizontal
menu.items.bg.color: #c7c1be
menu.items.bg.colorTo: #e0dddc
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disable.text.color: #b5b3ac

menu.items.active.bg: Flat 
menu.items.active.bg.color: #b9b2ae
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #e0dddc
menu.items.active.text.color: #101010


### Window active
window.active.title.bg:  Flat Gradient MirrorHorizontal
window.active.title.bg.color: #dbd8d6
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #eceae9
window.active.title.bg.border.color: #7c0000
window.active.title.separator.color: #e0dddc

window.active.border.color: #eceae9

window.active.client.color: #e0dddc

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #101010

window.active.handle.bg: Flat Border Solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #c8c2bf
window.active.handle.bg.border.color: #c8c2bf

window.active.grip.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #c8c2bf
window.active.grip.bg.border.color: #c8c2bf

window.active.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #666666
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #0077dd


### Window inactive
window.inactive.border.color: #d0cccb
window.inactive.client.color: #d0cccb
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #d0cccb
window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #999999

window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #d0cccb
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #c7c1be
window.inactive.title.bg.border.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #d0cccb

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #777777

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat Border Solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #bdc4c7
window.inactive.grip.bg.border.color: #c7c1be

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat Border Solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #bdc4c7
window.inactive.handle.bg.border.color: #c7c1be

### Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 4
padding.height: 8
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
border.color: #c8c2bf
menu.overlap: 0
padding.height: 3
